Thank you very much, everyone, for participating. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Again, we're going to re-strengthen him, re-activate our beautiful motivation, which is ongoing,
going at practices all the time.
That, and we're going to re-activate that beautiful intention and thought, and that's all come
together as three stages.
First, the joy in the appreciation, very more joy, more appreciation. Joy in the appreciation is
being ourselves as beautiful human beings.
All different conditions, circumstances, both as this beautiful life, beautiful really as a human
being, with physical level, mental level, and all that is perfect and beautiful.
We are completely equipped, whistled to practice Dharma, and how fortunate we are, how lucky we are
, which is blessed by the great teacher,
Buddha Shakyamuni, as well as all the three years, and our good deeds of the past combined together
, both these beautiful lives and pressures.
And we are happy in the joy, appreciation, and at the same time, have courage and commitment and
confidence and determination.
All those beautiful tools that I'm going to use this opportunity for beautiful purpose, make even
better in beauty more thou and for future, as well as myself, to all the beings, again combined
with the Bodhi Jata.
The gracious teacher and all the Buddhas, enlightened beings, those Bodhisattvas, and linear
masters. One warrior said the Bodhi Jata is the most powerful, the essential of all the practice in
meditation, we do that.
Even we do the Doki meditation, and the Tutu meditation, Toga meditation, Talon, Tomo practice, no
matter whatever we do, we do the Bodhi Jata as no nutritious, there is no essence.
Essence is kind of essence, has completely kind of hello, and no nutrition, nothing, really it's
just like kind of like, just only the names, not too much.
But if we have the Bodhi Jata from our hearts and mind, as we all know, the Paul, immaculable
thought, and in the gracious teacher, the Bodhi Jata, and all the great masters mentioned, Bodhi,
we summarize all that in one simple way to tell, it's compassion, the compassion that has no border
, no restrictions, and compassion.
And we bring that down to the one simple kind of world, and the teaching said, then the common name
is good heart. Good heart, that is, for that reason in the teaching often said, if you have a good
heart, your path and the Bhumi will be good, or good heart make the path, and Bhumi all were good.
And we don't have the good heart, our path and the Bhumi won't make, it make the Bhumi and the path
of the lower path, lower realms, or some degree higher realms, whatever, it won't go further.
So to make that as perfect, and beautiful, as we learned, as we received the teaching is, in the
teaching said, good heart, all the Bodhi Jata, good heart for all living beings, for everyone
really have a weak and good thought, as we ever can, as I want like to be, and weak that all the
living beings are up in joy and peace.
And having that attitude, this is very simple, kind of very common, but that touched the bottom and
the corner and foundation of the very teaching and as well as the center pillar of the very
teaching of the gracious teacher, Buddha Shaxamani, all the teachings.
So that Bodhi Jata is, that is, with that Bodhi Jata, then having more realizations, or more brain
understanding of three G, three Kaya status or perfect resolution, that Bodhi Jata intention is
expanded, elaborated as three Kaya status, or five perfect status, or that expanded from the Bodhi
Jata, Bodhi.
So therefore, Bodhi Jata is really in the teaching mentioned always, and as well as the great
master, everyone sit, sit, sit, it is so, so special, so important, and without that, this is no
matter whatever we're thinking to practice all that, it just become not true, it's not vibrating,
it's not have the energy, it's not have the vitality.
It's just a kind of like dragging ourselves, that we have the Bodhi Jata, is shimmering, is sizz
ling, is energetic, is forceful, and so beautiful, perfectly, every aspect, and feel kind of looking
to inward to ourselves, we feel happy and joy, joy, ourself uplifting ourself, and also other
people, also somebody feel that, feel happy and joy, peaceful, kind of feel closeness.
To you as a friend, it's true. That's what the greatest teacher, Bodhi Jata, or those great master
and meditator, so many animals are coming to them, not as a wider or trying to bring naturally
coming, joining with them, because of love, because of the vision, they feel the energy of love,
they're not going to hurt you, they're not just hurting, they're going to help benefit, feel the
animals even that.
Those are really teaching, said, witnessed by the old, that when you have that good heart and
thought, this is not just also in a Buddha, even I saw or heard that news from those great senses,
senses, incisionities, those senses, so many animals are following with those senses, naturally, it
's not something trying to catch them, because they feel so calm and peaceful, peaceful.
This is the powerful love, powerful compassion, so that is the very foundation of the practices,
practices, practices and all those beautiful, incision, thought, and now we go to the, again, this
great teaching of the first great chansei.